I need to leave this house take it is a girl you married to him
you can't just get up and leave the bag depends on you he killed my sister Leah
he didn't know she was pregnant at this time I heard there was moplin about here
in the desert whatever but he's responsible for her death oh sorry did I
scary you know what the hell it's funny how you mentioned hell since you are
in the middle of it the shadows they hurt turn you into a monster oh it's like
hunter who turned me to a monster what do you want oh he's in the dopiest he
exiled me no it's not obvious I will show you this you feel
a real wolf can feel hip-hop immediately after the conception but you feel nothing
in the burden there's desperation for it and you know what I think that you
believe you are so much real like this cannot keep you what he wants are you
cursing me get away so you are pregnant